Top Stories

 The latest REACT survey estimates the R number in England as between 0.69 and 0.76 Pic: AP
Science & Tech 
Lockdown is working! Dramatic fall in England COVID infection rate

 A ‘Stay Home Save Lives’ sign on Broadmead in Bristol during England’s third national lockdown to curb the spread of coronavirus. (Andrew Matthews/PA)
Politics 
Revealed: Whitehall plans for rapid reopening of shops, pubs and restaurants
 Nurses from the special needs ward have been drafted in to help
UK 
Applications to study nursing soar as NHS inspires new recruits amid pandemic
 Dylan Buckner&#39;s family say he is one of the hidden victims of the pandemic
US 
'There's going to be a lot of PTSD': US teen suicides rise as lockdown hits their mental health
 Prince Philip. Pic: Tim Rooke/Shutterstock
UK 
Duke of Edinburgh admitted to hospital 'as a precaution'
 Attendees walk past a Facebook logo during Facebook Inc&#39;s F8 developers conference in San Jose, California
Science & Tech 
Facebook blocks Australians from viewing and sharing news
 Screengrab of the Handforth Parish Council meeting on Zoom with councillors and members of the public some of whom were wearing hats. The return of the parish council which became an internet sensation was watched by thousands on Wednesday night and dogged by repeated interruptions by members of the public. Issue date: Wednesday February 17, 2021.
UK 
England's most famous parish council is back to its old antics
 PIA23962: Portrait of Perseverance and Ingenuity (Artist&#39;s Concept) In February 2021, NASA&#39;s Mars 2020 Perseverance rover and NASA&#39;s Ingenuity Mars Helicopter (shown in an artist&#39;s concept) will be the agency&#39;s two newest explorers on Mars. Both were named by students as part of an essay contest. Perseverance is the most sophisticated rover NASA has ever sent to Mars. Ingenuity, a technology experiment, will be the first aircraft to attempt controlled flight on another planet. Perseverance will 
Science & Tech 
Mars landing: What to expect and how you can watch it
 Demi Lovato has spoken about her overdose in 2018
Ents & Arts 
Lovato had three strokes and heart attack after 2018 overdose - and was 'minutes from death'
  
UK 
Thursday's national newspaper front pages
Coronavirus

    
EXPLAINER    UK 
Scotland has announced a phased schools reopening - here's what is happening across the whole UK
 Vaccine
EXPLAINER    UK 
Will the UK meet its next COVID vaccine target? Here's what the data suggests
 People aged 80 and over will be able to get the vaccine in GP surgeries from Tuesday
ANALYSIS    UK 
A rare and resounding success - how the UK's great vaccine gamble paid off
 Load More
Videos

 Sheikha Latifa al Maktoum is missing. Credit: Detained in Dubai
World 
When princess knew her escape had failed
 Protests rage on in Spain over rapper&#39;s arrest
World 
Another night of violent clashes in Barcelona
 Mysterious monolith appears in Democratic Republic of Congo 
Offbeat 
Monolith returns... this time in Congo
Analysis

Dominic Waghorn
Dominic Waghorn
UK under pressure to act over allegations against Dubai's ruler
Jon Craig
Jon Craig
Prudence and caution for PM over the next seven days after vaccine success

Advertisement
